Li Hongyi is him
It was him
Great, that's great.
He bullied my sister.
It saved my life.
I was thinking about how to deal with him
Mountain Club Post, he is calling the police
Hahaha
Ah, Uncle Zhao
Since you want to change
Can you give me back both of his bodies?
Can I be like a normal person?
Do whatever you want
Switch two bodies at the same time
He will die
Then let him die
Damn women don't deserve to live in this world
Yes, two Mrs. Su at a time
This doesn't comply with hospital regulations
It goes against human morality.
He is a living person after all
You can only change one at a time.
And fully seek his consent
Ask him to volunteer
Well, change it first.
The other one is stored in his body first
Keep it for Xiaohui
For emergencies